input 0 0 clk
input 1 0 reset
input 2 0 coinInA
input 3 1 coinInA
input 4 2 coinInA
input 5 3 coinInA
input 6 4 coinInA
input 7 5 coinInA
input 8 0 coinInB
input 9 1 coinInB
input 10 2 coinInB
input 11 3 coinInB
input 12 4 coinInB
input 13 5 coinInB
input 14 0 coinInC
input 15 1 coinInC
input 16 2 coinInC
input 17 3 coinInC
input 18 4 coinInC
input 19 5 coinInC
input 20 0 coinInD
input 21 1 coinInD
input 22 2 coinInD
input 23 3 coinInD
input 24 4 coinInD
input 25 5 coinInD
input 26 0 itemTypeIn
input 27 1 itemTypeIn
input 28 0 itemNumberIn
input 29 1 itemNumberIn
input 30 2 itemNumberIn
input 31 0 forceIn
output 0 0 coinOutA
output 1 1 coinOutA
output 2 2 coinOutA
output 3 3 coinOutA
output 4 4 coinOutA
output 5 5 coinOutA
output 6 0 coinOutB
output 7 1 coinOutB
output 8 2 coinOutB
output 9 3 coinOutB
output 10 4 coinOutB
output 11 5 coinOutB
output 12 0 coinOutC
output 13 1 coinOutC
output 14 2 coinOutC
output 15 3 coinOutC
output 16 4 coinOutC
output 17 5 coinOutC
output 18 0 coinOutD
output 19 1 coinOutD
output 20 2 coinOutD
output 21 3 coinOutD
output 22 4 coinOutD
output 23 5 coinOutD
output 24 0 itemTypeOut
output 25 1 itemTypeOut
output 26 0 itemNumberOut
output 27 1 itemNumberOut
output 28 2 itemNumberOut
output 29 0 serviceTypeOut
output 30 1 serviceTypeOut
latch 0 0 coinOutA
latch 1 1 coinOutA
latch 2 2 coinOutA
latch 3 3 coinOutA
latch 4 4 coinOutA
latch 5 5 coinOutA
latch 6 0 coinOutB
latch 7 1 coinOutB
latch 8 2 coinOutB
latch 9 3 coinOutB
latch 10 4 coinOutB
latch 11 5 coinOutB
latch 12 0 coinOutC
latch 13 1 coinOutC
latch 14 2 coinOutC
latch 15 3 coinOutC
latch 16 4 coinOutC
latch 17 5 coinOutC
latch 18 0 coinOutD
latch 19 1 coinOutD
latch 20 2 coinOutD
latch 21 3 coinOutD
latch 22 4 coinOutD
latch 23 5 coinOutD
latch 24 0 itemTypeOut
latch 25 1 itemTypeOut
latch 26 0 itemNumberOut
latch 27 1 itemNumberOut
latch 28 2 itemNumberOut
latch 29 0 serviceTypeOut
latch 30 1 serviceTypeOut
latch 31 0 forceService
latch 32 0 countA
latch 33 1 countA
latch 34 2 countA
latch 35 3 countA
latch 36 4 countA
latch 37 5 countA
latch 38 0 countB
latch 39 1 countB
latch 40 2 countB
latch 41 3 countB
latch 42 4 countB
latch 43 5 countB
latch 44 0 countC
latch 45 1 countC
latch 46 2 countC
latch 47 3 countC
latch 48 4 countC
latch 49 5 countC
latch 50 0 countD
latch 51 1 countD
latch 52 2 countD
latch 53 3 countD
latch 54 4 countD
latch 55 5 countD
latch 56 0 inputValue
latch 57 1 inputValue
latch 58 2 inputValue
latch 59 3 inputValue
latch 60 4 inputValue
latch 61 5 inputValue
latch 62 6 inputValue
latch 63 7 inputValue
latch 64 8 inputValue
latch 65 9 inputValue
latch 66 10 inputValue
latch 67 11 inputValue
latch 68 12 inputValue
latch 69 0 serviceValue
latch 70 1 serviceValue
latch 71 2 serviceValue
latch 72 3 serviceValue
latch 73 4 serviceValue
latch 74 5 serviceValue
latch 75 6 serviceValue
latch 76 7 serviceValue
latch 77 8 serviceValue
latch 78 9 serviceValue
latch 79 10 serviceValue
latch 80 11 serviceValue
latch 81 12 serviceValue
latch 82 0 serviceCoinType
latch 83 1 serviceCoinType
latch 84 0 changeReady
latch 85 0 initialized
